php new entry for sqrt function (#2986)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/math-functions/terms/sqrt/sqrt.md

---
Title: 'sqrt()'
Description: 'Calculates the square root of a number.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`sqrt()`** is a function that calculates the square root of a number. It takes a single paramter in the form of a number and returns the square root of that number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`sqrt()`** function calculates the square root of a number. It takes a single parameter in the form of a number and returns the square root of that number.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
$result = sqrt($value)
```

- `$value` is the number whose square root is being calculated.
- `$result` is the resultant square root value.

> 

Reviewer: You should note here that the result for a negative number is `NAN`

Author: I have added a note mentioning this case.
